# my SaaS made 1.7K in 1 day - marketing strategy revealed

**Video ID:** CIhXoNV-dPY
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CIhXoNV-dPY
**Segments:** 629

---

## Full Transcript

What's up, guys? Welcome to another daily update. If you're new here, my name is Vasco. I own a software business. We made I think this is around $1,700. And um if you're wondering if this is true, I'll just refresh this real quick here. I have no reason to lie to you. But yeah, it was not kind of a slow day. Also, today also a slow day. Yeah, we just we processed payments in euro. Uh it is what it is. There you go. This was yesterday around $1,700. And uh yeah, if you're new here, in these videos, I just go over some Q&A, okay? I just answer you guys' questions on this channel and on my main channel, which is just this channel name without the word daily updates. So, I just do some Q&A. I go over some growth stats and progress on my own business, on my own software business, SAS software as a service, excuse me. And I'll give you some updates on what I'm thinking about in terms of the industry and all that boring stuff you guys seem to like. And the reason why I do this is because one, it holds me accountable to do stuff every day to grow my business, to make more money. And two, because I know that if I teach you guys enough and I give you enough value, eventually you guys will buy something from me. Be it a course, a coaching, I don't know. Uh, we'll see. Or even my software if you guys are in the market for that, which I doubt it. Yeah. So, let's get going. First things first, comments. Um, thank you for the comments, guys. By the way, you guys are literally the the biggest parts of these videos. like I spend most my time answering you guys' questions. So, thank you. Please comment more because the more you comment, the more I think I can help. And yeah, Paul, there you go. Poland, Grami, um, or Grami, I don't know. Just comment your experience, what works better for generating leads, customers, raw content with minimal editing, or highly edited, polished videos? And Paul asked it in this video. Um, so yeah, this is a great question. what you need to know not just about this is again this is just my take and I give you my opinion based on what works for me right and I guess I'll just tell you what works for me for me what works is boring non-edited non-polished loom style videos just like you see right here for me but I know guys who just invest thousands of dollars into highly polished videos be for example launch I guess I'll show you an example you have these guys called like they invest a lot of money in making the >> thank highly polished launch videos. They get millions of views, right? To advertise their brand, amazing cameras, amazing editing. Like this this this brings them leads. By the way, I'll give you another example which is chat ps where the founder also like it's it's heavily founder growth if that makes sense. So yeah, sure they post on their branded account, right? But most of this isn't um these post are not driving real engagement. So let me go over the founder right here. This guy pulls in a ton of leads and sales off of his LinkedIn and off of his um Twitter, right? Where he's just basically building in public, right? And these videos right here, these cost thousands of dollars to make, right? Highly polished, like going over what the features are, whatever what they just launched. I'll give you another example. For example, the founder of Behive Tyler right here. Again, same thing, founder growth. Like he makes a ton of posts, right? Just again, simple stuff uh like this raw stuff. But he also has a bunch of videos when they come out with new features right they hopefully I can find them here came out with highly polished there you go stuff like this right this costs a lot of money to make not just that costs time and in the time you you do this launch video for this feature you could do like 10 loom style videos right he doesn't do loom style videos most of his content marketing through just written format and by the way again they do this as well on Twitter both Tyler and yes are very very big on Twitter they just cross post, cross platforms. Now, um we don't do these types of videos because again, I feel like if you're not that big spending there's a risk, right? Because producing something like this, like going over like what you want, speaking with the designer, like going back and forth, back and forth, the time this takes, right? I feel like me, most of you guys can't really afford to do this because sure, there's a possibility of it blowing up and getting millions of views, right? But there's also possibility of that not happening. And even though a a more polished video like this, yeah, has more probability of blowing up than shitty loom videos, right, with shitty audio quality, no mic, bad lighting, right? They don't have as much likelihood of blowing up and getting millions of views. But I feel like it's way better to make more shitty loom videos to get to that million view mark than putting all your eggs in one basket and and hoping this one goes viral because the the highly polished one can also just flop right there. Right? So there you go. Let me give another example. Right? Hopefully this is in the same line uh of thought like I've been posting on LinkedIn to grow the grow the business as again as founder um marketing, right? And I try to make a tried making these one of these LinkedIn carousel type posts. Let me just see if I can find it right here. Um, so a more polished post, right? Boom. How I forced LM brand to whatever your brand like graphics properly designed. I put some thought into this even though it's like meme like style. I put a lot of thought and effort into this. Like there's actually valuable comment right here. It's a it's I guess highly polished when comparison to a a classic test text, excuse me, LinkedIn post, right? So again, I put a lot of effort into this. You got two comments, 400 impressions. I spent like an hour on this, right? it flopped. Could have it could have it went viral 100%. Look at this guy right here. These guys, granted, they're they're much bigger, right? They have an SEO agency, right? And they do these exact same style of posts, right? Same thing. Sure, their theirs inside might be a little bit better, but at least highly polished, right? Look at this. Millions of people watch this, right? It's always the same thing. All these types of posts are hopefully you guys can see it, right? All these are like highly polished for the standard that is LinkedIn, right? LinkedIn is usually just text and the these guys put a lot of a lot of effort to this and they get millions of replies, millions of reposts and a lot of money comes from LinkedIn. They make a lot of money off of LinkedIn. So to answer your question again, like if we're talking about YouTube, we're talking about video format. If we're talking about Twitter, maybe we're talking about like a lead magnet or LinkedIn like a lead magnet. So you can't put a lot of effort in stuff or not that much effort. I mean, let me rephrase. I feel like the effort is the same producing a highly edited thing versus not to be honest with you. But to answer your question properly, we've done very well with just Loom style videos. But I want to give you the why because what we do and for our SAS might work only for us and not for you. Like let me actually let me just open up right here one of the channels we use to um actually I'll just open up our branded channel. So Arvo, we have a branded YouTube channel right here, right? And all these are shitty Loom style videos. I just open this up right here. Again, all this is just me right here speaking, going over a whiteboard. It's not even that HD. My mic's not even that good. It's just boring content. This works for us because we're targeting bottom bottom bottom of the funnel type people. Like, we want boring marketing agencies and people who already know what SEO is. By the way, if you're new here, our app is an an AI SAS that helps people rank their sites here on Google and get mentioned by GPT. So, it's an AI SEO SAS. SEO stands for software as a service, right? And in the content we do, right, in the content marketing we do in ter in terms of YouTube, because we do a lot of content marketing, we do SEO, we do social media, we do a lot of stuff. But just in terms of YouTube, right, it's purposely low qual low low I won't say I don't want to say low quality low low production because the people we are trying to capture right the guys who are watching this not very much not very much but the people who are they don't care about flesh edits if you look at for example Iman Gazi right is ICP is kids people who want to make money online right so of course like you open up one of these videos right it's super for these ones on here. Lambo flexing, whatever. So, change your life in six months, right? It's highly edited stuff, multiple cameras, multiple angles, like it's like go like all this stuff, right? But a real business owner, like for me, I make money, a lot of money, right? This isn't for me. And that's fine, right? All this 3D modeling stuff, this isn't for me. This is for kids or people wanting to make their first first dollar online that need to get get engaged, right? Again, nothing wrong with this. It's just a different ICP, right? So, again, looking at my my business, I want to attract bottom of the funnel people who already know what SEO is. So, I don't have to get them engaged. They already know what this is. It's boring and it's just like step by step. This this what they just want to get the value up front. Now, that being said, we still produce content like this, for example, which is a bit more top of the funnel. For example, this right here, right? There's some editing to it, but there's some um production level to it. If you listen to this with sound, there's like a music. There's these cuts in and outs. There's a even though it's shitty, like there's some level of production to comparing to the other ones, which is just maybe me turning on, right? There's some production to this, right? For example, this one right here. There's some level of production to this. Let me just quickly put this in right here. Graphs, images, uh, assets. There's some level of production to this, right? Reason why that is is because with these ones I was testing and again maybe this sounds boring but this is super important. What was I testing with these two right here? I was trying to like on the funnel you have a funnel right? You get people in with views be through YouTube, Tik Tok, Twitter, LinkedIn, whatever, right? And down here is money right? Most of our content is down here bottom of the funnel like titles and in and packaging of the content that's already targeting people who know what SEO is, who know their pain points, right? With this, I'm targeting people way up here. People who don't even know what SEO is or they need it. Right? I say, "Hey, how I make 7 $75,000 a month with SAS site plus marketing strategy revealed." Most people know what what I guess SAS would be. Not I should maybe I should remove this, but most people know what a marketing strategy is. A lot of people, everyone knows what money is. So people who are watching this, I I'm taking them through the funnel. I'm catching them up top and I'm saying, "Hey, these guys are making a lot of money. By the way, boom, boom, boom. Here's their site. Here's their product. And by the way, here's how they're getting traffic." They actually do this thing called SEO that allows them to rank on Google. And I, as the video goes on, it's more bottom of the funnel until I tell them, "Hey, by the way, they're using our tool right here." To answer your question, it will, as much as I hate to say it, it will depend because again, it will depend on your ICP. If your SAS is more towards, for example, a clipping SAS, there's a lot of these SAS right now to clip long form content and make money with with short form content by uploading it to Tik Tok or or YouTube shorts, right? That's more for a younger demographic. So maybe making a long form YouTube video that talks about money, highly produced, maybe a Lambo in the back, maybe that could work, right? That doesn't work for us. that's not that's not our target market and that's fine if it is your your target market that's fine but it's not ours that's why we don't do it right but hopefully this longwitted answer went I was able to explain to you why we do most mostly bottom of the funnel and why we we also try to do some top of the funnel stuff but in that same piece of content it goes from top of the funnel to bottom of the funnel real quick okay because I don't care about getting views I care about making money right so I don't care to have million millions of views I try to have like a tenth of the views and make more money with that with less views if that makes sense so yeah that's basically done that. So >> yeah, thank you again for the question. Really really appreciate it. Um let's just jump into the second one. Um this is a question that came from past video. This guy has a marketplace business which I mentioned in yesterday's video. It's insanely hard. I wish you the best of luck. My my very first real business was a marketplace business. In fact, on my website, I have right here one of my case studies was that of my my B2B marketplace for for SEO services. Uh, just scroll down right here. Uh, it's this right here. So, I I am Oh, jeez. I am proud of it, but it was a pain in the butt to build. I think on this channel on excuse me on my main channel I mentioned the hardships and I do I actually if I guess since these these videos are less structured if you guys go to my main channel right here I've literally documented the whole process of building that business from the very first day oldest boom launch video right here and then every single week I made a video right going over what was happening the money we were making etc until uh I think two years ago now that I sold it is it there's a video somewhere saying I sold the marketplace know where it is but somewhere around here. There you go. I sold my first off your company after a few years. So I know a lot about marketplaces. I know a lot about how to run them and a lot about how it is. And so yeah that's just to give you some context. And then Ardin asks again um saw your video agree as you said copy the market whatever um need something. So what should I do as as you said to copy them? This is very well like Jesus come on learn to write please it's very hard I saw this video and truly agree as you said to copy the marketing part so to market at least need something so what should I do use comments please do I for that I should create a link minimum LVP or just use landing page for at least prepayment offer I don't know how you make this for a marketplace how do you make a pre like what he's saying basically is like selling the product before he builds it but How how are you taking in payments from the marketplace if the marketplace should be like two-sided service thing? Yes, I don't know how to answer this. Maybe please rephrase it. And another question is and I would be grateful if you would share some techniques on how to find competitor strategies for marketing.  me. I just realized this is not about the marketplace. There was another guy asking about the marketplace, so I just messed that up. I'm sorry. He's asking about something else. Jesus. Okay, I guess I'll just leave this in because I think I feel like that what I just said was still valuable. Yeah, he has a SAS making 40 he's copying cloning a SAS making 40K a month and my advice was don't copy the SAS, copy the marketing strategies. And so he's saying, "Hey, give me some techniques to find competitor strategies to marketing." Well, depends on the on on the marketing strategy you want to copy. For example, if you want to copy someone's SEO strategy, well, what you can do is you can just go to age right here. Just put in their domain. For example, let's put our domain. Let's say you're let's say you're one of our competitors. Go here, go to top pages, right? And you can see the pages on our site that get the most traffic. For example, this page gets a bunch of traffic, right? See the keywords that page ranks for. Okay? And then what you can do basically, you can just copy our content. So make a page like this and compete with us for these keywords, build backlinks. So go here, check the back links we have, build more backlinks than ones you have, or just copy the ones you have. So literally, it's about emulating what what they're doing. If, for example, I'll tell you what we're doing right now. One of the things I want to do and I want to test out is, okay, I see these guys pulling in a ton of traffic with these LinkedIn posts. So, what do I do? I analyze them. I see that they're working and I just try copy the same thing just like I show you right here. I show you before. Excuse me, that I did. It did flop. And most of the stuff you do in terms of marketing will flop. But right here, this is me literally live copying someone else's marketing strategy right here. Literally, this is me copying, seeing what's working, then doing my my take on it. Basically, based off of the stuff that these guys are doing that's working extremely well, extremely well for Jesus, extremely well for them. So, yeah, I guess it's quite a simple question. Hopefully, this is some of the valable answer. Yeah, thank you. Okay, that's the Q&A done. Again, guys, please leave your questions. Anything else, anything you're you're having trouble with, any questions you have or things you want me to clarify. Fire away. far. Thanks for the questions. Um, I guess some growth stats and progress. Um, we, yeah, we're still working on growing, doing the boring stuff. Uh, what can I tell you? Well, we we did release something as a a simple YouTube rank. We released like a new SAS just as a side project. Basically, we get a lot of our users from YouTube, right? And I noticed that there's no tool where you can just simply place a URL. Did I mention this on on the last video? I don't think I did. Where you can place a channel URL and it gives you all the keywords that that URL ranks for. And we did make a sale of this. I'll show you how and to whom. So this right here allows you to basically put a and by the way, I'm not trying to sell you on this. I'm just going over what we're doing because this could be a good tool to crossromote with our SAS. And I guess this could be a good case study of how we're live building and live validating our SAS. So again, this is still a new SAS. They're not even a proper domain. Um, it basically allows you to put a YouTube channel URL and gives you all the videos on that channel, right? And the keywords they rank for. So this video right here ranks for all these keywords on YouTube. So it's similar to what I just showed on here with age, but just for YouTube. And we just made a sale of $99 because we're charging $99 a month. And as you guys saw, this is literally what I do to validate my software. Any software business. It's this exact same page with what the software does here, a intro video of me selling them on the idea, selling them on the premise, on the pain point that the issue this product solves, and a little buy box with a little button. That's it. That's literally it. In fact, like I'll go here again my my website. This right here, niche base, we sold $7,000 worth of this product, right? which can we discontin because there wasn't really this didn't get as as enough traction as we wanted to. Um but literally the way we sold this the 7K was the exact same way that we're selling this right now. I don't think I don't know if this is going to work. We'll see. But how I validate any software is with this simple landing page. In this case, we already had this built because we were using it internally. But we could not we could like even even not have this any built, right? We just have this right here and say, "Hey, by the way, we're launching in 60 days or 30 days from now." That's fine. That's what we did with this right here. We had nothing ready. We just said right here, "Hey, we're launching in in 30 days from now. You're getting like this early bird access." Um, people still bought, right? So, again, doesn't mean doesn't you don't need to have something built out. Again, the only reason why we have is because we were already using it internally. With all that said, we just sold this for $99 one subscription. We have now guy using it and let's see if we can get more sales and let's see if you can give us some feedback and maybe who knows this can completely flop or this can become another SAS and we can make a lot of money with it. And there is some synergies between this I guess SAS and our main SAS because our main SAS you guys saw is I don't want to sell you on this by the way. I don't even think you guys have the right audience for this, but our main SAS is a marketing SAS allows you to do SEO to get traffic off of search engine that is Google, right? And this other one that we're just now validating is a SAS that allows you to check your search traffic from the second largest search engine in the world, which is YouTube. So, there's some synergies right here. Not as if we're just building something completely different, right? Again, we're still validating this. You get the sale. Well, it was through organic. I just made a post about it. Think about this often. And you might think, "Yeah, but sure, but you have 12,000 followers. You're so much bigger than me." Sure. But my posts, most of them flop. Let me let me show you the post that I made that sold this. Actually, I made the first post like a couple weeks ago saying, "Why is there no tool like this for YouTube?" And just screenshot of it. Sure, that's fine. And I made a quote tweet saying, "Hey, we just built it. 4,000 views. That's not really much, by the way." Then I made another one saying, "Hey, it's it's live. You can buy it. 2,000 views, right?" and then a guy actually bought it. So, don't tell me that you cannot start posting on Twitter and getting some traction and getting like a couple thousands of people to see your your tweet. You can. It's like it's like the casino, right? And by the way, most my posts flop, right? If you post interesting stuff, it blows up. If you post boring stuff, it doesn't, right? So, basically, that's how how we made the sale, right? I was I don't want to say lucky. I I was I was good enough to build enough rapport and trust with the people who follow me so that when I post stuff that I'm selling, people actually buy it, right? It's just one sale doesn't mean much, but it's a start. It's it's all a flywheel effect. And I know I talk a lot about marketing on this channel, but if your product sucks, any marketing you do is pointless. I know I say that, yeah, marketing is is the only mode is the only thing that will will make you money. And there's some truth to that. But if your product sucks, well, no good enough marketing will will make you enough money. We'll just buy and then churn after. But yeah, um I guess that's the update on that. I'll keep you guys posted. Um yeah, any questions, let me know. If you guys want to see more details on my business, what I'm doing, just just literally comment because I make these again. I make these videos for you guys. So, anything you guys want to see, any more progress or growth, any more growth stats, progress or updates, let me know. But that's basically it for today, guys. Leave a comment, like, subscribe.