# How my SaaS made 62400 in 20 Days

**Video ID:** hgonN8ZywPk
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgonN8ZywPk
**Segments:** 256

---

## Full Transcript

What's up? It is a beautiful day outside, as you can see, but it's also a beautiful day for me to tell you how we added 5K in MRR to our SaaS in just 3 weeks. And this is going to be a no-fluff video. I'm going to show you literally step-by-step exactly what we did, what the service is, and how you can do it, too. So, with that being said, let's just jump straight into my computer so I can show you step-by-step how we added 5K, 5.2K actually, in MRR in just a few weeks to our SaaS. So, let's break it down. So, first things first is we start with proof. There you go, 4.5K MRR in euros, which is around 5.2K MRR in dollars. Now, I know that the title of this video said 62K. Well, that's assuming that these people stay on for a full year. So, 5.2K * 12 it is 62.4K. So, there you go, that's the math. Uh that's the clickbait there. Now, how did we add all this uh revenue? So, first things first, I want to break down something to you real quick, which is the different ways in which you can make money with your SaaS, right? There's three ways, right? You can do your classic SaaS packages. So, any SaaS you go for, example for example our own SaaS, right? You go to pricing, right? There's the classic packages. So, that's let's call them the the legacy classic packages, legacy SaaS packages, right? That's the very first one, the most common one common one, excuse me, if you're building a SaaS, right? The second way is through packaging info plus SaaS access. Now, I won't dive deep into this. This is what ClickFunnels do. This is what other SaaS marketing type tailored SaaS does. I I'll do a video later on on this, so don't worry too much about this. But, the third one is how we did this, how we added almost 70K in ARR in 23 days. And it is by providing them with a done-for-you offer. Now, I know all these SaaS owners are thinking, "Yeah, but I want a SaaS. I want to I don't want to be an agency." 100%. You don't want to become an agency. There's a There's a fine line between having a SaaS owner, which is super hands-off, right? You give people a product for them to use, right? And between becoming an agency. That being said, what we were noticing is that we have we serve three ICPs, three ideal client customer profiles, right? Here is the solopreneur, the entrepreneur trying to make some money online, okay? Here is the classic business owner, right? Trying to get more sales, drive more sales to their business, and the agency owner, right? Agency owners are perfect because they know how to use the SaaS. They know what it takes, they know the struggles, okay? So, it's perfect. This is the best guys we have. They're the churn is very low, okay? Then, we have business owners, which I mean, they know what to do, but oftentimes they lack the time, okay? And that let's let's cover this right now. And so, because they lack the time, what I thought, okay, what if if we had a done-for-you service where we'll use the software for you? And so, we started starting around 2K a month for it. So, we basically have them buy this, right? Or basically it's it's included in the price, right? But they buy this, they get access to the software, right? And then we use the software for them to to get them results. And that's exactly what we did here. All this money right here, that came in in just 22 days, so March 2nd to March 23rd, just even 20 days, right? All these 5K in MRR, 5.2K in MRR, which hopefully they'll stay on uh at least for 6 months. So, if it's not um 62K, it's it's half of it, 30K in just 20 days. It's insane, right? All these people came from this service because again, they are business owners. They know it's important to use our software for driving more sales to their business. Again, my goal is is not to sell you my SaaS. If you're watching this, most likely you won't even buy my SaaS. I just want to like give you some context, okay? Uh but again, the business owners, we noticed uh or I noticed, I guess, they were struggling, right? They know they needed they needed they needed to use the software like ours to get them results, right? They know, but they just don't have the time. And it's way smarter for them to just, okay, hey, listen, we'll pay you, you use the software for us and deliver us results. Now, one of the reasons why this made this was so successful in just a few days, again, we'll we'll grow this. This is going to be much, much higher, right? It's going to grow to six figures. One of the reasons why it's doing so well is because it's a killer offer. It's a irrefusable offer, right? If you read through this right here, the very first line is, we guarantee guarantee a 25% increase in traffic in 90 days or it's free or you don't pay. Right? You don't pay literally. I think I'm missing this right here. I'll need to add it right here. But it's it's an insane guarantee, right? Who wouldn't want this, right? You pay us 2K a month and we guarantee, literally guarantee a 25% increase in traffic over 90 days or you don't pay. Right? It's it's insane. That's why it works so well. And going back here to this, right? Yes, we make a lot of money with this and you should the majority of your money should come from the legacy SAS packages. We'll talk about this later on. And there's many more, but we'll talk about this later on. But then a done-for-you offer, the only reason we created it was because again, we were seeing people buying the legacy packages, but they were churning because some of them didn't have time, some of them had the time, but they didn't really know what to do. And so we felt like, okay, don't worry. Just have it, right? Let's let us let us use the software for you and deliver the results you want to achieve. And so if you own a SAS right now, I urge you to go out and create a done-for-you offer. Create package that's that's expensive, right? That basically promises people the outcome they'd have by buying one of your packages. So, what whatever is the pain point that your SAS SAS solves, excuse me, because if you're selling a SAS, it should be solving a pain point, right? Sell a done-for-you service well where, excuse me, you solve the pain point for them and market up not market up, charge accordingly, right? Cuz this is this is for you're charging for your time. And so, this is what we did what we did. We're diversifying our um user acquisition strategies because a person who go goes for the done-for-you might not always be a person that went to the legacy packages and it's changing. Some of them aren't, some of them go from here to here, right? But some of them are just new people. And by the way, some nuance here, right? Because your whole goal is to grow the SAS, the software as a service business, not to grow the done-for-you service. So, make sure you're not becoming an agency. And the way you do this is is by doing this. So, you are offering this as a service, right? But this is indirectly growing your MRR for the software itself. So, in this pricing right here, right? They're still subscribed to the plan. So, they're they're still adding to your MRR of the classical SaaS, right? They just pay this on top. So, again, they're still subscribed to your SaaS. So, this is still increasing your MRR as time goes. But, on top of that, right? You're charging them 2K on top of that for you to manage the SaaS for them. So, you're not becoming a an agency, right? They're still paying for the SaaS. They're still paying They still can use it, but you're just charging something on top, right? And this like Some people if if I didn't say this, some people might might have been deterred from doing it because they don't want to build a an agency, excuse me. And maybe when you when you go out and sell sell your SaaS, the buyer might say, "Yeah, but this is just an agency, right?" You don't want to become an agency, right? So, again, on in this pricing, right? You still want them to have access to the software, right? And they're paying you every every single month, right? You're building up the classical MRR, right? You're just charging them on top to have you go into their account and manage it for them. So, it's not really an agency, right? It's a it's a done-for-you service where again, you're still stacking MRR. You're just charging a premium on that MRR because you're managing the the accounts for them. Hopefully, this made sense. And so, that's again exactly what we did. Here's proof, by the way. I can go into Stripe and refresh it. I don't feel like really doing it right now because I mean, why would I lie about this stuff? Um and yeah, that's it. That's what I would what I would do if you have a SaaS right now. Try and implement a done-for-you service that solves the main point main pain point that your SaaS offering is offering. And uh you too can make a lot of money like this. And so, yeah, that's it. If you want to work with me one-on-one, I'll leave a link in the description. I can help you out growing your SaaS, implementing all this stuff, sharing with you my email sequences, my marketing strategies, my hiring strategies. Basically, going over your business and working with you as if I was your like CMO or CEO or co-founder to improving your SaaS and making you more money because that's what I do on a daily basis. I wake up and think, "Okay, how can I make more money with my SaaS?" And so, I transfer that knowledge, I guess, into your brain and help you actually implement strategies that will grow your SaaS business more and more. So, yeah, that's it. Check the links and I'll catch you on the next one. Cheers.