# This will 3X my SaaS Revenue - strategy revealed

**Video ID:** O59vIfG1cTs
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O59vIfG1cTs
**Segments:** 294

---

## Full Transcript

What's up, guys? Welcome to another one of these sitdown videos. Today, I won't be going over my whiteboard. It's going to be me right here with you in this cozy setting. Uh, yeah, I want to go over uh the new stuff we're implementing in our SAS business. Uh, so if you do have a SAS business, maybe uh some of this stuff might work out for you. So, one of the issues we have, may maybe you have it as well, is with SAS, like you're selling plans that range from like maybe $69 a month to like maybe $400 a month, right? Depending if you're doing B2B or TOC. It's more along that range. So 70 to $300 a month. Now with that to make a lot of money, you either have to sell a lot of plans or make sure that the LTV is quite high. Let me give you an example. For example, if you have an agency, right, you can get away with charging $3,000 a month, $5,000 a month, a big retainer. Let's say it's 3K a month if you're an agency, right? to do those same 3K in revenue with the SAS where the price is uh $60 a month, right? You have to have like 10 20 customers, right? Which is much harder even though the price is much lower. It is much harder to get 10 customers at $60 a month or $100 a month than getting one customer at 3K a month. Now, of course, the with an agency, you have to deliver the service, right? the the fulfillment is you doing the service with SAS. The good thing about it is is that the software itself, excuse me, um does the fulfillment. So that's why again it's cheaper as well. But this got me thinking like why why why aren't we making more money? It's because for all the traffic we're attracting, all of them are being sent to a cheap offer. $60 a month, $200 a month is cheap, right? How could we increase this um the value? Like how how can we increase the revenue per customer? And sure, you can like upsell people, you can um have higher plans, you can do upsells here and there, whatever. But what was missing was that we did not have an offer that was compelling enough to be the default offer they should be buying. Let me explain. Because with SAS, on one hand, we want to become we we want to be a SAS and on the other hand, we don't want to become an agency. So, we never had really a plan. I mean, we do, but we didn't really push much for it. We had this 2K a month plan where this 2K a month plan essentially what it does is it says hey listen if you don't want to pay for the $70 a month $70 a month u monthly plan that our SAS costs don't worry just pay us 2K a month and we'll use the SAS for you. So it's like an agency model type thing where the SAS itself wasn't even valid because we were using the SAS for them. Hopefully that made sense. If you go to our site I'll leave a link for the for our SAS in the description. the pricing page. There's the classic three packages, $7 a month, uh $200 a month, and $300 a month. That that's basically it. Then below there's one for 2K a month, which again is sort of agency type vibe where we use the software for them. But again, we didn't push that very much because I did not want to become an agency. So I had to find a middle ground. So, I I I didn't on one hand, I didn't want to like be chasing away people to get $70 a month sales, but on the other hand, I didn't want to I did not want to become an agency charging 2K a month because then the there's a whole thing about the service delivery delivery, excuse me. So, we found a middle ground. We found a plan that I feel like is going to be um a great way to grow revenue, which is, I think, a $800 a month plan, right? which is in the middle where it's not really agency, it's not pure SAS. It's sort of a plan where you pay us. It's a done with you plan where you loging into the SAS, you're using the SAS, but you have a dedicated account manager helping you use it for you. So that's where the extra value ad is in. So it's not, hey, you pay $70 a month and we just throw it to the walls, throw it to the SAS, and you figure out how to use it. Of course, there's training videos, there's a bunch of like support, etc. But on the opposite side, it's not either like a full done for you agency type. It's the middle where again you still have access to the SAS, but we help you use it for you with a dedicated client success manager that sort of uses the account for you. There's a dedicated Slack channel where you're also on there. So the service fulfillment is still with the software. There's just this extra component of um someone on there alongside you helping you out. Then I if I could equate this to a certain model, it would be like um um Salesforce where if like Salesforce is pure B2B, pure enterprise where if you buy uh their plans, their yearly plans which are like thousands of dollars, right? They send in a guy to your business to your corporation to teach you how to use it and to use the software alongside you. So it's not an agency. It's still pure software like with with Salesforce. They just you buy the software, you can use it whenever you want and however you want, but they put a guy into your company for a couple weeks to train your whole team and help you use the software in the best way possible. Right? So, if I could equate this middle ground plan to anything, I I would equate equate it to that Salesforce thing, which again, it's not pure SAS because Salesforce could charge like could charge, excuse me, a tenth of the value. Maybe they have a plan for that where they just, hey, listen, here's a software, go out and use it, but they don't do that. And on the other hand, they don't like you're not hiring them as an agency to use it for you. It's the middle ground. You're you're paying for the software. You can use it and you have access to another to a guy literal guy that goes there has a client success manager. So that's what we've done and it's live right now. Um we're trying to push the offer right now as I speak to see if that works because I feel like the effort I have to put in to sell one of those $800 a month packages is the same effort I have to put in to sell one of the $700 a month packages, right? And it's 10x the value. Like it's 10x more expensive because sometimes like that's why I hate B2C because you put in a lot of effort for people paying you $10 a month. That's why B2B is much better because the effort is almost the same when you're trying to sell something that's $10 versus something that's like $100. It's basically essentially the same. And then the churn is less etc. So I feel like this plan could be a good thing. If I could leave you with any any ideas here in this video is would be to okay take a look at your current SAS at the moment the pain point it solves and then think okay what would be the extreme opposite how could I transform this the software as a service that I that my clients pay for the SAS access this product how could I transform this into like a pure agency what would be the the extreme opposite right and then go to the middle ground right that's basically what we did so so our software helps you do SEO helps you rank your site on Google helps you rank your site or have have your brand mentioned in LMS right the like on demand you can use the software for that the extreme opposite will be okay we as an agency will do that work for you we will rank you first on Google we will have your brand be mentioned in all these LMS that's the extreme opposite now what's the middle ground well the middle ground is okay you still get access to the software you use it yourself but we implement the systems that we think could lead you to those results hopefully that's making sense so far again I'll leave a link for that in the description you can check it out um there's like a full VSSL on the page where people can go there, they can see what the offer is, and I think it's 18 minutes long, so you guys can take some ideas from that. So again, I'm not saying this is going to work. Most of the stuff we try, most of the stuff that I try fails, uh, which is kind of sucks because you spend months and weeks on end like preparing, recording, ideulating, like thinking about stuff, then you launch it and then it fails. But that's just part of the process. Most of the stuff that you do, most of the stuff that I do fails, be it in marketing, product, life, whatever. But to find, and as cliche as it sounds, to find the stuff that works, you have to do a lot of the stuff that doesn't work first, right? To like weed out the stuff that doesn't work. But I I'm pretty confident that's this is going to work. Um, and so we we've started pushing it. So again, if I can leave you with anything in this video is to try and and create a plan on your SAS right now, right? Just on your pricing page, have the three main plans, then have one say, "Hey, this is a done with you offer, right? where we charge 10x the amount of our base plan, but here's what what it entails. Um, so yeah, give it a go. Uh, watch, click the description to see exactly how we're doing it in specific, the offer, the positioning, etc. to see if you want to take ideas from that. And I'll update you guys in um, I'd say 30 days from now with if this worked or not. Uh, you guys will see firsthand. So yeah, that's it guys. There's going to be two links in the description, by the way. There's going to be a link for the for my SAS, my business, which I don't think you guys are target audience by the way. I just leave it there so you guys can see that I actually I practice what I preach. I actually own a business. And the second link is going to be a link on um if you want me like to help you to as a sort of a consultant. Um I can help you with that as well. In my free time, I just consult with SAS founders. I I'll tell I tell them what's working for us, what's not working for us. I like analyze our email marketing sequences. I just basically coach and consult for other SAS founders who want to implement the stuff that's working for us. So that's going to be the second link in the description. Guys, thank you so much for watching. Um, I I just, by the way, I rented an like a warehouse type of office. Hopefully by next month, I'll be there. So, the content quality is going to improve, the background is going to improve, the whole aura of this channel is going to improve. So, stick stick for that. And I guess if you watch this far, just comment warehouse so I know that you've uh you've watched this far and that you're uh um yeah, hyped, I guess, to for this channel. if if you like the content that I make right here, cuz I I make this for you guys, right? I make this for two reasons, honestly. I make this for for you guys and for me because this holds me accountable. Like me being here saying, "Hey guys, I've spent weeks on this new offer. I launched it. here's the landing page which again in is in the description being fully transparent about it um holds me accountable because by me saying this then I have to go out and do it and I have to put in the effort to make sure it succeeds because if not in a month from now I'll be here saying [ __ ] guys it didn't really work out. That's the first reason and the second one is because yeah it's just fun and um yeah that's basically it guys. Thanks so much for watching. Like subscribe and I'll catch you on the next one. Cheers.