# How to grow your B2B SaaS to 10K MRR - Advice from 20 experts

**Video ID:** XQZl9nOOjDc
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XQZl9nOOjDc
**Segments:** 820

---

## Full Transcript

Growing to 10K MR is difficult. It's the first challenge every SAS founder will face. You have to prove your product, finding your first customers, and really getting your first traction. In season 6, I spoke with 20 industry experts who have been there and done it. So, at the end of the podcast, they all shared their best advice on how to grow to 10K MR. We combine all the answers into this single episode. If you want to hear their full advice and listen to their full episode, I will let you know before the guest starts talking which episode it is. In episode one, I interviewed Christie Fuso on the CS playbook. How to scale retention and growth via customer success. Pull your customers into your process in every part of it. Pull them into marketing, pull your customers into product design, pull them into sales, getting that feedback, pull them into customer success. If you design for your customers from day zero, I promise you the motions and the scalability of that will go infinitely faster. You will see much more success. You won't have that bleed. So many companies right now are trying to solve for churn that they shouldn't have because they didn't address it early on. In episode 2, I interviewed Aaron Ross with the title of from impossible to inevitable. How to create a predictable revenue for your speedb SAS. Well, stop obsessing over getting to 10K and start obsessing over how happy your customers are with your product and how much they would miss it if they lost it. That's the important metric at this point. If you get that, the growth will come. In episode 3, I interviewed Clark Baron on how to build a high impact demand gen strategy. If I were to have that conversation with a SAS founder going from scratch, trying to help them understand how to get to 10K MR from zero. The first thing I'm going to say is why is that your goal? Why do you want to do that? We're going to have that conversation and just really evaluate. Figure out your own motives. dig deep into who you are as a person and how motivated that you truly are to make this happen. And the reason I say that and that may have nothing to do with marketing, right? But it has everything to do with marketing. And I'll explain why. Because I know it sounds like I'm a therapist right now. Having these like deep meaningful conversations and seeing what you're really made of and confronting what you actually want to do with yourself, your life, your company, your baby, pet project, you really need to have a tough look in the mirror and have that conversation where do I really want to put in what it's going to take? Because what it's going to take, and this is why we have to do so much introspection, is it's going to take you being the brand. It is founder-ledd growth. It is founder-ledd sales. You've got to be able to take care of everything because in the beginning, it is you. You might have brought on a partner. You might have built whatever the thing is with someone else, but for the most part, it's you. If you're the founder, it's you. And you're not going to have money to throw at traditional demand stuff. You're not going to have money to throw at huge stunts and spectacles that are big brand plays. You're not going to be able to do any of that. You have to get scrappy. You have to have a lot of technical marketing experience, but you also have to be able to take care of your mental health. Honestly, as a marketer that has seen so many different marketers and founders in in multiple industries burn out so quickly that they just hate themselves and they don't know why they do it anymore, whether they took VC money or not, whatever. But like in the really foundational like early stages when it's just them or just a couple other people, the most important thing to do is take care of your mental health. everything else will come. I know you're going to have a lot of people answer that question. They're going to give you a lot of technical answers. They're going to tell you to hire someone to spruce up your LinkedIn, hire a ghostriter, build an audience on LinkedIn. That's what they're going to tell you to do. And guess what? That's going to work. But if you haven't done the work on yourself, then you're not going to be able to sustain that. which means it doesn't matter what the monetary goal is. You shouldn't have monetary goal in the first place. And I know not everybody's going to agree with that. You should be able to set healthy goals for yourself, whatever they are. But it shouldn't be money. It should be a problem. It should be steady growth along the way, whatever it has. I'm not comparing myself to someone else that has already accomplished that and that's where I got that arbitrary number from. All I'm trying to do is be better than who I was yesterday. That is how you take over the world. In episode 4, I interviewed Pablo Asencio on how to master productled growth and strategies for SAS. Nailed that on boarding flow. So, make sure that the onboarding flow is spotless, that the early adopters that they reach the value fast. Also make sure that with your count of initial customers, you identify those that they can be your your count of alies. When I mean also people that they will promote your company for free or whatever, but people that you can go in a regular manner to collect feedback and to understand if you want to iterate things or you know getting more insights of the value of the product, you can basically go to them in different formats. It could be like qualitative or quantitative ideally qualitative in this case with interviews. nail your on boarding flow is the first half of my or the first part of my advice. And then one that maybe sounds a bit controversial, get 10 happy customers before you get thousand customers that they are average and they just sign up but they don't really know what to do the with the product. So focus on on the conversion rates, not just on the signups. So if you get 10 happy customers, the next 100 happy customers will follow the next 1,000 and so on. In episode 5, I interviewed Peter Loving on how to triple your revenue with UX. How to optimize conversion, retention, and expansion. The advice I would give is the mindset of 0 to 10K MR is the absolute starting point. Probably you're on running a marathon. The wonderful thing about getting some revenue in is you're validating that, hey, you're on to something. People will pay for this thing. Just be aware it's longterm. Most SAS founders that I've met and spoken to have underestimated the journey both in how long it takes and how difficult it is. Celebrate the win from 0 to 10, but also have this mindset of you're you're continuously improving. It's a journey. It's not necessarily a destination. You're always working on one step to improving your product, improving what you deliver, offering more value, and building your business. that long-term mindset around bringing value to you is is what I'd uh recommend. In episode six, I interviewed Tom Shapiro on how top B2B SAS companies are dominating SEO in 2025. Understanding your audience as deeply as possible, understanding your ICP, it all starts there. Should you lean into different types of organic marketing, whether you're talking about SEO, content marketing, or PR? Absolutely. Because those are things that are going to be relatively less costly for you and also they're more enduring. They compound in value over time. It's the only it's the only marketing that acruse value over time that increases in value over time. And so that's very important. At the foundation of that is your ICP research and understanding your ideal customer profile as deeply as possible. whether talking with your customers as much as possible or listening to sales call recordings or if you have salespeople then talking with your salespeople regularly or doing CRM win loss analysis. So all of this is critical when you combine deep audience understanding with organic marketing across SEO content and PR you're creating a moat around your business. It's a lasting moat and it's a moat that compounds in value over time. In episode 7, I interviewed Mina Gosski on master SAS hiring and how you can build a high performance team. At this time, maybe it's the first hires you make depending on if you're bootstrapped or we see backed, but at this point, just make sure that you have the structure right and that you really make sure that you have the right person in terms of mindset and work ethic in your company. I think that's the key at this stage. In episode 8, I interviewed Johnny Staker on SAS growth strategies, how founders can quickly scale revenue and achieve a profitable exit. I would say that conversations are the only metric that you should be concerned with. So, I'd say if you're looking at your Google calendar for next week and it has three demos or three discovery calls on it, then you're flatlining and that should be your only concern. to remove all of the noise and all the things that I could be doing, scheduling content, kind of internal meetings, product updates, put all of that to one side and focus on conversations. So, how many conversations can I drive next week with my ICP? And I think it everything can be boiled down to those conversations. And if you have 10 to 15 of those a week, then you're going to get to 10k very quickly. If you have two or three a week, it's going to be a painful uphill journey. So conversations is again, print that, put it up above the desktop. In episode 9, I interviewed Elliot Rainer on strategic storytelling for SAS. Getting everyone aligned on why you matter. This is the era of experimentation. So don't fall in love with anything that your company's doing. Leave nothing off the table to being chopped off. Whether it's your brand name that you love, whether it's your most important product that you think has product market fit, your messaging, your favorite customers. This is the age to be quite brutal because you still got a very great opportunity to change direction quickly and you need to be non-biased to do that. So try not to fall in love with anything and keep an open mind that it doesn't matter what succeeds, you just want to succeed. So keep that an open mind about that. In episode 10, I interviewed Craig Brown on the SAS founders guide to ICP and create messaging that clicks with the buyers. At the early stages, you are in the discovery mode. I always find founders feeling frustrated and wanting to rush to product market fit and their ideal customer. feel I even need to bang on about the importance of a defined ICP or market. I think they get it. It's just how do we get there? And getting narrow is important. Don't rush it. the research approach that you take. Again, when we're thinking about segmentation, when we're thinking about the more kind of one-on-one conversations that you're having, making sure you're asking the right questions and getting those more nuanced insights, that I think is going to be really important to those early stage founders to move the dial and focus positioning and figure out what pivots make sense for the products and also that the problem that they're solving so that they eventually get to broadly right products solving broadly right problems. for broadly the right segment. Are you struggling to find a cost effective and scalable marketing channel? Check out Ready. We help you to have other people recommend your SAS and you would only pay them when they deliver you paid clients, making it a very cost effective and scalable marketing channel. Want to learn more? Go to get ready.com. In episode 11, I interviewed Ben Marie, the SAS CFO, and he created a playbook around magic, margins, and financial strategy for founders. If you're just starting out, again, one is good, clean accounting. Have a good accounting foundation. Make sure you close your books on time. Have a bookkeeper, you know, if you're doing it or a bookkeeper who knows the SAS business model. So, one, just good financial statements. That's what you need that that early cash, knowing your cash. And then also just a really, really basic forecast just to kind of stay ahead of things. So under 10K or growing to 10K or 0 to 10K MR it it really is just all right let's have accounting place let's make sure that's clean you know so you can focus on building your product figuring out you know product market fit all that stuff in episode 12 I interviewed Nicolola Calabre on how to scale your SAS internationally a founders guide on going global when talking about international expansion make sure you have product market fit before you even think about international expansion and you have so many things on your plate that will just be an additional headache. So, make sure you have a product market fit, then you can start thinking about international expansion. In episode 13, I interviewed Kevin Lambs on how to future proof your B2B SAS pricing and strategies for the AI era and beyond. In the beginning like the very first stage you just let's say you found a buddy you develop a super strong solution that you think is is applicable to a certain market or a certain problem that you're solving which is strangely enough very contradicting to what I said before but get in what you need to get in because the first few customers they will teach you so much. So let's say you're selling a 1K MR solution. You get 10 customers in likely your first customers are either right previous employer or PC's that you get in via your network. Just get it in. From there you are going to learn. You're going to learn so much. We have this HR tech solution that we have and we're selling it now to 10 employee SAS company. What are we learning there right? What are they benefiting from? What do they encounter in B2B S? Then secondly, maybe we close our first 100 employee taxi driver company. Just thinking of things, right? What do we see there? How happy are they with this? If you have those first 10 customers, find the commonality between them, right? What is working super well in which industry? In episode 14, I interviewed Ramly John RG on building habit forming hybrid onboarding from first value to enterprise success. I would say for those early stage ones from zero to 10k revenue your job your focus right now is really about maximizing learning because you're trying to validate or invalidate your assumptions and for me when it comes to our topic of onboarding the most learning you can get is talking to the customer and onboarding hightouch I know that doesn't make sense doesn't scale and what Paul Graham the founder of YC said do things that don't scale early on and part of that is doing those calls hight touch. It's something that Rahul Vora Gorov which is the founder of superhuman talked a lot about in actually a recent first round article where he said that early on that's exactly what they did. They onboarded every single people to an email product, an email tool that replaced Gmail. That's like why like people know how to use eval like it's been around for decades. It's because he said we were maximizing learning and then the next step once they have it now they've actually created a self-s served product now a self-s serve onboarding all of their learnings they applied to help them design an experience that tackles confusion and delight all at the same time. I think that's where I would advise them to resist the temptation to make it softer serve from the get-go because then you would miss out on a ton of those insights that you learn. In episode 15, I interviewed Patrick coming on why your paid ads aren't working and how to fix them. I would come back to that big question, is there existing demand for your product? If the answer is no, it's easy to find out. If there's existing demand for your product, you're going to be people are going to be googling it. So that's where I would go. I'd set up a Google Ads account. I go into the Google Ads keyword planner and I would type in as many variations of what I thought somebody who was interested in my product would search as possible to find out if there's existing demand. If there is existing demand, that's a good position to be in. And so I would go after those high intent keywords. I would whatever budget I could afford. I would reverse engineer the math just to make sure okay Google will tell you average cost per click is. You can then use some industry benchmarks to understand what's the average conversion rate for my industry to kind of estimate okay if I get this many clicks I should get this many leads I know my pipeline conversion rates so if I get this many leads I should get this many opportunities that's not perfect math by the way and there's lots of professional marketing academics will tell you not to do that when you're a young B2B SAS that's the best you got so that's what you've got to do and then optimize as you go if there is no existing demand I would just say don't use ads. I would say don't use ads at all. Do something different. LinkedIn thought leadership events, build a newsletter, SEO even, but you'll just you'll waste too much money early on. If you're really super intent on having some paid ads live, maybe just a high intent retargeting campaign with anyone who's not an ICP for you excluded from that audience. So for us, for example, for our retargeting campaigns, we have loads of exclusions. like anyone that's not a manager is excluded. Any companies any companies below 10 employees or below 1 million ARR is excluded because it's just not an ideal fit um for for us. There's also some other industry exclusions that we do like our retargeting audience of high intent prospects is like five 5,700 like super small for most B2B SASes SAS companies it'll be even smaller than that. So you can saturate that with a very small audience. And I would just do that with very strong offer. So I'd look at whatever all of your competitors are offering, beat it. And then also have some ads that just handle common objections that you get and also what the cost of inaction is. So what is the cost that somebody's paying by not using your product? Have some ads around that as well. And that can work really well. But again, that's only if you're super intent on running ads. If there's not existing demand, I would say yeah, leave the ads alone. In episode 16, I interviewed Zultan Vari on mastering founder sales for your B2B SAS. So you build it, but now you actually have to sell it. To grow from zero to 10K MR, you have to focus relentlessly on a single ICP and narrow use case. So that's the first thing. I think you have to build a simple outreach process that gets you in front of that ICP and gets you engaged in meaningful conversations. It's you have to be open to iterating and using the feedback you get from prospects to refine your value proposition. I think you track your progress, see what's working and what's not. And I think if you do that, you are going to be able to slowly but surely find that product market fit and start growing that MR in a way that will ultimately lead to the next phase of development. In episode 18, I interviewed Alexander Esna on the three-step goto market playbook, growing your SAS from zero to $1 million AR R. Do non-scalable things. I'm always surprised if I work with early stage companies, even if they pre-revenue or very early on, so if the milestone is 10K, that they tend to focus on scalable channels too early, ignoring the non-scalable things. When I talk about non-scalable things, have you ever talked to all your investors and ask for warm interest to their portfolio companies? Have you ever talked to all your ex employees and ask for warm interest to potential buyers? Have you ever talked to all your freelancers or advisers you have for intros and warm recommendations? Network sales on one side. On the second one, have you ever really established a referral engine? when I talk about referral engine is could be just purely sales left meaning do you at the end of every sales conversation ask prospects for interest to other potential buyers or if it's more productled like you can build an engine for that asking for referrals and I'm always surprised that they don't do it or not all of them but a big chunk of them never thought about that if your goal is really to hit 10k MR I would just do At least I would try it first. Maybe you don't have a big network. Maybe you don't have partners. Maybe you don't have investors or your ICP is very special. So it's not easy to find them. Different thing. But the fast maturity can really grow to 10K without any scalable fancy channels or executions. In episode 19, I interviewed Frank Saunders on how to future proof your goto market strategy going from AI hype to real results 0 to 10K. So definitely read the book by Paul Graham from YC about doing things that don't scale. What does that mean in practical terms for us? We actually closed four customers before writing a single line of code. That gives you conviction even though you believe in your business. If you have no paying customers, nothing will happen. And the best way to validate whatever is that you're doing, right, you're at zero. The best way to validate, should I actually build something? Should I actually start coding? Whatever is when you have already paid pre-orders. Engineers freak out about paid pre-orders. They'll get motivated. This is how I got my two co-founders, super motivated, both our engineers, to build this stuff with me. So on one hand, to validate what you're doing, try to get pre-orders before you even start tinkering and doing stuff if you can, right? So sometimes you can't for various reasons. Then the other thing that that I definitely want to say is and it sounds obvious I think is you should be speaking to customers. When I ask a lot of founders today in Europe and US and a lot of other place in the world, hey how to how many customers or potential users are you speaking to a weekly basis and somebody said one or two and that's not enough. You should be speaking to 10 to 40 customers on a weekly before selling. In order to get product market fit and in order to really start scaling and figure out how to sell this, how to distribute this, etc. Speak to your customers. but like aggressively have x number of meetings per day. I used to do up to 20 meetings a day when I was starting off every day up to 20 meetings. My record is 27 meetings in a day last year. And if you go at that velocity and yes we don't we work Saturdays and Sundays because I that's when I do my admin follow-ups a lot of the times but if you go at that velocity you cannot get it wrong in the early days. Where do you get all these it's called meetings whatever how do you start drumming up? Of course you want to build in public. go on LinkedIn or X whatever just talk about what is it that you're building the pains that you're solving just say you spoke to some customer last week what happened and try and resonate with the audience connect on LinkedIn with 100 people per week you can connect 100 people per week do it every week every week you connect with 100 ICPs so ideal customers of yours connect with them and then feed them do social selling right so feed them with great content what have you learned what you're working on where you are what are you up to and so on and so forth so they can follow your journey And then when you going to reach out to them with a request to jump on the call, etc. Because you fed them with a lot of great content, it's going to be a lot warmer introduction, it's much easier to convert people as in getting them on on the demo, etc. Because in a lot of cases, let's say my sales rep reaches out today. And a lot of the times we get, oh, do you work with Frank? And the rep says, yes, Frank is a great guy. I've been following him, blah, blah, blah. It's very easy then to get that person on a demo. So, you definitely want to be connecting early on. Then you want to activate your whole network that you can naturally I've been in sales for over a decade right so I have some domain expertise I'm network I spoke to other sales leaders I will go to them right and if they're not interested in my product they're talking to me whatever always proactively ask for referral I get it it's not for you or you don't have time but do you know anybody in your close circle that could benefit from this and I think what Europeans really struggle to do is to proactively ask for referrals it's something that Americans are very much trained on to proactively ask and Americans Because actually the buyers also do it a lot of times they're also thinking who could I introduce you to and just normal for them to do that. In Europe we're struggling on the front like massively nobody thinks about referral as a thing. Then you have to also access these what's called mini communities where it maybe it's much easier to spark a conversation in the early days versus communities or generally communities you could access. Just go to hiveindex.net I believe. I can't remember. Hive index I think it's called. Just Google it and there's a lot of communities that you can search for. The other thing that you can do is to figure out which communities your ICPS are hanging out is ask your ICPs, right? And you ask them, hey, which events are you attending, which communities are you in, etc. And you want to join it. For example, today I ask another company, hey, I just wondering which events are you attending, where are you hanging out, etc. Just do it all the time. I even did it today with somebody like I'm just trying to find new events, cross my brand, and etc. And then do things that don't scale B. So, I went and wrote some blog posts about sales called email, whatever back in the days. And guess what? I didn't write it myself. I did it with AI. It was crappy back in the days, but it worked. I got some clicks. Woo! I got 10 clicks in a day. You get this dopamine hit, you know, that things are compounding bit by bit. Today, we do crazy stuff, like real crazy stuff. We like heavily are doing programmatic SEO. YouTube programmatic to drum up more leads. Community is doing things that don't scale like SEO also on YouTube. I used to do YouTube videos. Hey guys, this is how I would write an email. I do some demos and all of that compounds. I was and then the other thing I think it depends on the audience but if your target audience is in the US Reddit is super powerful. So you just go on Reddit, go into community, say, "Hey guys, I've launched this. I build this I'm working on." Some people like, "Oh, wow. This is cool. I would love to check this out. Think about this. How do you distribute in these?" And sure, this channel did not work out this time. Do it again next time because you have to be persistent. Always be where your customers are. In our case, we have the luxury that our ideal customers are in different places and we're trying to figure out where things work, where do we get traction. For example, what we dropped because we didn't think it's going to scale to any level is we stopped being in Facebook groups. In episode 20, I interviewed Azin and Oji Uri on their product management lessons going from zero to $100 million in AR. So how to scale your product and scale your SAS by leveraging product management. First AI everything wants to be AI but again think of it as a tool toolkit actually more focus on the core problem and then power it with AI but the one that I think was enduring right that is really important is that no matter what you think the people you surround yourself with are going to be critical for your success period. Culture is a compounding engine for you and you need to guard it early. You're only one person and you can only do what one person can do and as a result who you bring on board to help you bring this stream to to be is critical because two people can do way more and three people can then it's just a compounding effect. So be thoughtful about bringing your first partner and all the other folks that come alongside. I know it's not a tech response but that's the heart of where I am. I really think that your culture and your people are truly your confounding engine and you need to be thoughtful, guard it early and plan well for it. So my advice is super simple. You have to get to 10K MR the only thing that really matters is product market fit. So what you should be doing is you should be building and listen. You should be building with your customers as much as possible. Try not to trust your taste making yourself, right? build and listen to get to 10K MR. And the money part of it, the 10K part is a little connected to the science of growth. You don't have to be like a full-on growth organization, but you do have to pay attention to the first 5 minutes, 10 minutes, you know, the journey into your main product to get to 10K, right? that number I would say earlier on growth is the main thing but to get to actually 10k you have to get the product market fit and then you have to pay a little bit of attention to the journey in right I think that's the thing I would ask you to focus on now to enable that isn't as right you have to marshall a team that's paying attention to the right things and ignoring the things that you can defer and they have to be some of the smartest and most motivated people that you have and it'll be great if you had a co-founder to help you think about problems and whether it's emotional, organizational or otherwise. I think that's very important. Thank you for listening to the summary episode of season 6. Hope you enjoyed it. If you haven't done so, please subscribe, like this video, or like the the podcast you're currently listening to so we can boost the algorithms and help more SAS founders out there. Again, my name is Yman and I'm the founder of Ready Test, which helps B2B SAS companies like yourself to grow the ML via the indirect marketing channel. So, either if you're looking to set up an inapp referral program within your application or if you are looking to leverage affiliates or partners which are currently outside your own network, check out get ready.com and we're more than happy to help you. For now, have a great day. See you uh in season