# Fixing a Major Brands YT Channel On The Spot - Square Audit

**Video ID:** gAjmXdjppLk
**URL:** https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gAjmXdjppLk
**Segments:** 380

---

## Full Transcript

Today we are auditing Squar's YouTube channel. I am going to be looking deep into their YouTube channel. See what's working and what needs to be improved. I'm Marlon Doll and I run VO video. We are the leading YouTube marketing agency for brands. So one thing that they could be doing is actually driving people to that link with end screens. And so instead of having someone having to type that, that can actually be tracked and could be a UTM tracking to know, okay, this specific video actually generated some traffic or leads. In terms of score out of 10, I am going to give this. First thing, let's take a look at the search for Square. So, what comes up? An ad for Square. Uh Square's video. Great. Square's video from eight years ago. Wow, that is evergreen. Video from 8 years ago. Definitely getting the return on that. Some UGC content reviewing uh Square. 2,000 views five months ago. 25K. Square's YouTube channel itself doesn't actually come up. So, 95,000 subscribers in the last 30 days, 187,000 views, five videos, 22 million views over the lifetime, and almost 700 videos on the channel. Okay, so let's check out the channel layout here. So, first video, this is what people see when they sign up. It looks like it is a collaboration with a local restaurant, so featuring one of their customers. A documentary style video. This can be really captivating. Can make for interesting content. 1,400 views in the last four weeks. This can work. But what might be more appropriate here is using a video that introduces Square and the product or the best video that they've released over the last 6 months. Or the most recent video. That can also work. So we have for you. This is where YouTube automatically selects what's comes up here. Uh looks like it's mostly recent content. So that's good. New York. Uh, and why? I don't know if that's the place to have this show up. I think there's probably content that can make more sense to feature, especially seeing as there's only three videos here that are featured, but not a huge deal. How Square works, tutorials, tips, tricks, and more. So, this is a series of playlists. So, I don't know how much of these are getting clicked, but it's a playlist basically of playlists only in Dearbornne. I like that there's a description here that's helpful. Mostly videos from 2 years ago, so that's fine, but there might be more recent content that might make more sense to feature here. Only in Austin, only in Albuquerque. Okay, so definitely very locationspecific series. I think this content has great potential to do well for these local areas, but being that YouTube is a global platform, it might be more of a challenge to garner a wider viewership if you're not as interested in Albuquerque or Denver. But we'll dive into the content, see what the comments are, how people engage. Uh, my city, Los Angeles, featuring Roy Choice. So, lots of documentary style content. So, uh, surprisingly what's not featured is the how to use Squarespace, the Squarespace tutorials. So, it's mostly for, you know, nurturing, storytelling, and not a lot that's featured at least of how to use the product aside from these playlists, but I think there's probably these playlists could be um, broken out here as well. Okay, let's look at their videos overall. Okay. Most recent video, six days ago, 242 views, 39 seconds. It's tough to make a 39 second long form video work. I've spoken to worldrenowned business leaders for a decade. This is the way up presented by Square. >> Cool. So, building on these storytelling uh videos of their customers who use Square, I'm assuming has a description of what it is and will I be in it? Okay. Uh they are using tags for these videos. And when they launch this, they can add a card here and potentially could run some ads to this. um potentially remarketing to existing audiences or try a new audience of potential buyers to this specific video and then get people to watch the rest of the videos organically or has earned views. Okay, so more stories from customers it looks like but less of a documentary style and more of a webinar style. 126 views two weeks ago. So not great. >> Let's talk business where square business owners share their stories, the biggest lessons they learned and their plans for the future. But someone who does watch is a potential customer and that can mean a lot of potential value. That one potential customer of those 126 views so far could outweigh the cost to produce this video. That's why even when brands don't have, you know, tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of views, it's all right because a potential customer is worth way more than a potential viewer from a $5 CPM. So, couple comments, people like it, like the topic. It is new. So this video has a lot more potential to grow. Okay, now let's see these. So there are specific videos on how to how to do stuff. Check out with Square point of sale. Um here's a bit of an outlier. Onboard new team members with Square. So this is where these video lengths make sense. These short form videos of how to do something. These videos do all kind of blend together. Now, these videos are very much I want to figure out how to do something. I search it and you see the text. I think there's an opportunity to make these more visually interesting and stand out from one another because right now they kind of all blend together and you have to read each one to know it's the right right video for you. In search, it'll be easier for that video to show up, but it doesn't really stand out. It doesn't uh include Squar's branding on it unless it's hiding behind the uh the the length of the video, but could be improved. So, slightly different format. Learn about Square's fees. So, I think this video makes a lot of sense to to have educational pieces >> when your customer makes a purchase using a credit. >> I like that this video has dialogue, um a voice over. Sometimes you see these videos and you basically have to read and so this video actually has someone engaging with the audience. Uh love this. Someone says, "I lost my Google authenticator and can't log in now. I contact your team but didn't resolve issues." They are responding uh with with uh a link to support and um yeah other options. So love to see that that Square is actually engaging with their audience. How do we charge the customer a fee for using their card? Um, so they're actually providing insight. So they're not just directing someone to something, but actually providing the answer in the comment, but then providing a resource for additional support. Love to see that >> and search keyword fees. >> So one thing that they could be doing is actually driving people to that link with end screens. So you can have an endcreen link. You just have to be part of the YouTube partnership program and have an approved URL. And so instead of having someone having to type that, that can actually be tracked and could be a UTM tracking to know, okay, this specific video actually generated some traffic or leads. So looks like there also is a couple ads in here. So 22,000 views, 806 31 seconds. At least make the the full full thumbnail. Um people do see this, especially if it's a responsive ad, that that's going to show up. So, you may as well have that to actually be the the full size. You could consider unlisting videos that are basically the same video, but just a shorter version of it when it's mostly to be run as an ad. >> This is Square for restaurants. This is a big tasty point of sale combo with an extra side of service built for fast-paced growing need to streamline my whole operation yesterday. Restaurants. >> Cool. So, this ad I I love that it's focused on a specific target ICP, a specific um demographic, which is restaurants. So, more stories um of specific customers, how they use Square. So, there's quite a lot of these. They don't garner huge viewership. That is okay, but there might be ways to make these more visually engaging. Right now, the thumbnail doesn't really cut it like the the text can sometimes blend into the background of the video. Okay. And then we're back to these educational pieces. So, I love that there's been so many videos released over the last year. There's obviously a lot of effort in YouTube and Square recognizes the value and potential of YouTube. Okay, this this is an outlier. 15 times how the sports bra opened the first ever woman's sports bar. >> Can you imagine if we were 7 years old and our parents brought us to a place like the sports bra? What that would have >> I think this is a great video. Um and I think it worked because it's captivating packaging and captivating title. Um, there is only one comment, but um, I suspect some of this might be advertising based on the viewership and the like to dislike ratio, but overall it's an interesting video. How the sports bra opened the first ever woman's sports bar. The video has novelty baked within it. So, in terms of their videos, I think they have a pretty strong content strategy. A lot of things going really well. I think there could be a couple more series, but we'll dive into that later. So, let's check out their shorts. So, I'm surprised their shorts don't get more viewership, but again, uh, a lot of testimonial content, so it's it doesn't make for huge verality unless the story is really interesting. What is interesting is that their most recent video is a short um, and it looks like it could be organic engagement. how to accept offline payments on your Square. And again, Square is responding. I often don't see that with brands, but it's more likely to get people to engage. So, love to see that. So, there might be lessons in what are the most popular shorts here. So, Happy Organics making beeswax candles. So, again, featuring local business Very cool. So, it's a bit more of an ASMR type of video. Um, and looks like it is all organic based on the like to view ratio and a nice little feature of square at the end. Okay, let's see what their most popular videos are. So, Lakota in America, how Square works, getting started with Square contact lists, and how Square works. So, what I was surprised is on the homepage, I didn't really see these videos in terms of how Square works, the the main features like unboxing Square, um, how to use Square Register, and these videos, if they're also showing up in the search for Square, then there should be some consideration around changing the dates or making an updated version. So when I type square, the first thing that comes up is a video that says from 2023, but if that is still a relevant video where the value is still there, then it can make sense to either change that to 2025 or remove that entirely. There also should be consideration if this video needs an update. Uh, it is from 8 years ago as I mentioned. Awesome to see Evergreen. But if the features and the UX is no longer the same, then it might makes more sense to have an updated version of this that follows a similar format because this video obviously did well to show up in one of the first results for Square. One thing that I see here is that some of these series are all named after the well the series in the in the title or episode one, episode two. And so the titles all kind of blend together and don't separate to what what makes this video most interesting. And there there's other ways to make sure that people know that it's part of the same series, but episode one, episode two, you you don't need to watch these in order. Same thing with this here to stay series. Here to stay episode one. And so you don't really get into any of the specific reasons to watch. The thumbnail is branded on theme, but it doesn't show what we're actually watching. It's hard to get people to actually engage with that content. What I would love to see is more videos branded like this, like how Krema Company got started. How many plants can you name? how Blueest Star Donuts got started. Like those videos make a lot more sense because you can actually see what the video is about and very much is in alignment with what their their customers would be interested to to watch. seeing a potential brand that you're interested in or a company similar to yours and learning how it got started and how they potentially use Square. I think there's a lot more opportunity to garner way more viewership with some of these series that they've they've filmed by adjusting the branding and and packaging of this content. I also think there could be an opportunity to create some more thought leadership content on things that business owners would gain benefit from. So, top five mistakes to avoid when starting a retail business, what to do when a customer wants refunds. This content has the potential to garner a lot more viewership and is still very much in alignment with what their target customers are interested in. So, going beyond just the storytelling and testimonials and the how to use Square, but providing value within here's specific educational insights that their target customers might be interested in watching. and then how Square fits into that. And just being able to provide value also creates that relationship with their potential customers. There also could be potential to create industry specific videos that are also educational like mistakes that restaurant owners use when setting up a POS system. More videos that their customers might actually be searching for and Square could be that authority that shows up for those content pieces. In terms of score out of 10, I am going to give this an 8 out of 10. So, they are doing so many things well, but uh a couple things that could take them to the next level. Um, including improving that packaging and testing out a couple other content pieces. But, yeah, love to see them engaging with people in the comments. And yeah, if you got value from this video, doing a whole series of these of looking at brands, what's working on their YouTube channels, and trying to provide as much value as I can. So check out those. If you want me to audit your brand or think there's a brand I should audit, send me an email or drop a comment down below. Thanks.